Software Product Implementation:
Unit 5. Web Application Security:

• Which security issues are you considering on the client side? 
I am considering the security issues on the client side by using the following methods:
1. Protection against CRSF attacks by using the JWT token inside the cookie.
2. 


• Which security issues are you considering on the server side? 
I am considering the security issues on the server side by using the following methods:
1. Using environment variables to store Secrets and API keys.
2. Using .gitignore to ignore the sensitive files and folders such as the .env file and the mongodb folder and stop them from being pushed to the remote repository.
3. Using the authentication strategy to authenticate the user.
4. Using the authorization strategy to authorize the user.
5. Using a low expiration time for the JWT.
6. Using Mongoose package which helps to prevent NoSQL injection attacks.


1. Using the HTTPS protocol to encrypt the data.
2. Using the SSL certificate to encrypt the data.
5. Using the session management strategy to manage the session.
6. Using the input validation strategy to validate the input.




• What authentication strategy have you implemented on the server? 
I have implemented the authentication strategy on the server by using the following methods:
1. Using a username,password and optionally 2FA to authenticate the user.
2. After a user is authenticated, the server will generate a JWT and send it to the client as a cookie.
3. The client will send the cookie with the JWT to the server for every request.
4. The server will validate the JWT for routes that require authorization and if it is valid, the server will process the request.
5. If the JWT is invalid, the server will return a 401 Unauthorized response.



Unit 6. Frameworks and Architecture:
• How did you would implement the DRY principle in the HLSP? 

• How did you would overcome the STATE problem in the HLSP? 

• How did you would architect the separation of concerns (e.g., Domain Model vs 
Presentation)?
